Update Web UI UI/UX and tooling (#82)
jenkins-infra/plugin-health-scoring: CONTRIBUTING.adoc

= Contributing to Plugin Health Scoring

> This page provides information about contributing to Plugin Health Scoring code base.

Reviewer: ````
This page provides information about contributing to the Plugin Health Scoring code base.
````
small update for readability

== Getting started

The project is using Maven with Java 17 and Yarn to be built.
The entire build process can be handled by Maven.

> Yarn build will bundle the front-end files only.

Reviewer: ````
Yarn build will bundle the front-end files only.
````
When building, Yarn will bundle the front-end files only.

small suggestion (again, not necessary if it does not make the same sense)

> . Clone the repository

Reviewer: ```
. Clone the repository
```
. Clone the repository.

adding a full stop since some of these items have a "."

. Install tools
.. Java 17.
.. Maven 3.8.6.
Optionally, you can use the wrapper in the repository.
In that case, replace the `mvn` command by `./mvnw` in the command listed bellow.

> .. Node 18.10.0 and Yarn 3.2.4

Reviewer: Is line 17 the other tools that need to be installed? 

Would it change the message if lines 15 & 16 were placed below 17 instead? Or is Maven considered the default wrapper in this case?

Author: Technically, you cannot do anything without Maven but Maven is not technically building everything either.. complex situation. 
The `wrapper` is only available to act as Maven and so contributors don't necessarily have to install it. The wrapper install it for them, in a sense. 

From a document syntax point of view, this list is rendered as

<img width="555" alt="Screenshot 2022-10-14 at 15 39 40" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/985955/195861100-cdd859b8-c5a6-45ad-a46b-c56b176728a6.png">

So lines `15-16` are really in the list item started on line `14`.

Reviewer: Okay got it, that makes more sense. In that case everything here looks good to me!

> . Open the project in your favorite IDE

Reviewer: ````
. Open the project in your favorite IDE
````
. Open the project in your favorite IDE.
adding full stop here as well

== Building

If you simply want the project binary, run:

[source,bash]
----
mvn package -Dmaven.test.skip
----

=== Running locally

There are two ways to run the project locally.
Either way, the application requires some environment variables to be configured.

[source,bash]
----
include::.env.example[]
----

==== CLI

This method is preferred if you intend to submit any modifications to the project.

In one terminal, run:

[source,bash]
----
yarn dev
----

and in a second terminal run:

[source,bash]
----
mvn spring-boot:run -Dskip.yarn
----

==== Docker Compose

If you want to simply run the project locally, you can run:

[source,bash]
----
mvn package -Dmaven.test.skip
docker compose up
----

> NOTE: the environment variable required must be set in a file named `.env`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: the required environment variables must be set in your local environment or in a file named `.env`.
```

== Testing change

The project has unit and integration tests.
You can run all those with

[source,bash]
----
mvn verify
----

WARNING: The integration tests requires Docker to be installed.

== Proposing changes

All proposed changes are submitted and reviewed through a GitHub pull request.
To submit a pull request:

. Create a branch prefixed with `feature/` for a new enhancement, `fix/` for a bugfix.
. Commit your changes to this new branch.
. Push the branch to your fork of the repository.

> . In GitHub Web UI, click the _New pull request_ button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In GitHub Web UI, click the _New pull request_ button.
```
. In the GitHub Web UI, select the *New pull request* option.

Small suggestion, as we are trying to use select as opposed to click. Again, if this does not make sense, it does not need to be changed. Also, if the button is labeled as New pull request, it can be bolded so that users know what to look for.
